
# Response to Reviewer kh4z

We sincerely appreciate your recognition of our work’s strengths and insightful suggestions. Here we respond to each of your comments in detail below.

## W1: Dataset curating details  
A: Thank you for pointing out that we will provide more detailed records and statistics on the process of constructing and processing the dataset. At the same time, add more cross experiments to the dataset to verify its effectiveness. [IMPORTANT, add evidence of dataset diversity]

## W2: The need of finetuning  
A: The only control signal input during the pretrain process is the trajectory, and we speculate that the generation in this part of the pretrain will tend towards mean motion. In the fine-tuning process, one hot embedding of style is added to achieve strong style control, so we can see obvious style features.

## W3: Licenses of online videos  
A: When using videos, we only extracted the motion of the people in the video without information such as clothes, faces, etc., which eliminates the invasion of privacy. We handle this part more cautiously when publishing the dataset.

## Q1: Result of pretraining on LOCO.   
A1: The last row in Table 3 represents pretraining and fine-tuning on the LOCO dataset. The evaluator used in the evaluation process was trained on 100STYLES, so it is not possible to directly evaluate the metrics of the pretrain model. But you can see qualitative results of on pretraining on LOCO dataset illustrated in supplementary video(at 1m26s).

## Q2: "WHAM overlooks the ambiguity of this task" explanation.   
A2: Thank you for pointing out the unclear expression in the article. We will fix it. There exists ambiguity in human pose estimation in monocular images and videos, such as depth ambiguity, where there is a probability distribution. But WHAM uses a deterministic model for prediction, which may not be as effective as probabilistic modeling models.


